Welcome to our course on
customer analytics.
I’m Pete Fader, professor of
Marketing here at the Wharton school,
and co-director of the Wharton Customer
Analytics Initiative.
Standing right here in Huntsman Hall
the main Wharton building
and I’m delighted to talk to you about
what’s coming up in this
customer analytics course.
The whole idea of customer analytics is a
relatively new concept
While the overall idea of marketing has
been around forever, there are so many
cool and challenging data structures and
technologies and
decisions that firms are making
and we really want to help you get an understanding of them.
This is not going to be a technical course
we’re not going to tell you exactly
how to do the math
we want to make you conversant
we want to help you understand
what some of these data structures are
We’ll have a course on descriptive analytics
to lay out the basic data
and the insights that come from them.
Then we’ll have a course on predictive analytics
to help you understand new
insights about customer behavior that
just would have been invisible before
we had all this cool data
or companies wouldn’t have
started thinking about that stuff
And once we start having a window into what
our customer will be able to do in the future
then we want to talk about
prescriptive analytics
How can a company actually make more money?
How can a company potentially change the future?
by having some kind of idea of what
it’s going to look like.
And then we’ll finish up with some nice
case studies and examples.
Like I said, it’s a really exciting era
in customer analytics
We can’t teach you everything.
By the end of this course
we want you to feel comfortable with the
vocabulary, the data structures
some of the technologies
a little bit about the models
so as you hear people talk about all of this
customer analytics stuff
you’ll be in a good spot with it
and in a much better position to go
deeper yourself.